---
title: 'Why I want to become an expert in robotics software engineer? '
date: 2024-08-14
permalink: /posts/2013/08/blog-post-2/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---
Motivation
======

My core motivation to become a robotics software engineer stems from my deep interest in this field since 2012. Honestly, my dream job when i was a teenager was become a professional in the development and implementation of robotic systems for the betterment of society. This passion led me to study electrical engineering at university and further inspired me to pursue a master's degree in robotics. Additionally, I am driven by the desire to become an expert in this field and make a significant impact with my skills and experience.

Secondly, the role of a robotics software engineer is crucial for the future of both industry and research. Unfortunately, the situation in my country, Indonesia, is not ideal. The lack of skilled roboticists has left our industrial automation sector ranked poorly. However, becoming a professional in robotics offers the best path for me to gain expertise and mastery before others. This will allow me to become one of the few highly skilled roboticists in Indonesia, opening more opportunities for my career.

Lastly, one of the greatest benefits of becoming a robotics software engineer is the ability to influence society by teaching robotics technology throughout my career. As the founder of an educational company called Robotics Academy, I have been actively involved in teaching people the fundamental skills required to work with cutting-edge technologies, including robotics. Therefore, becoming a professional robotics software engineer will enable me to become a certified expert in teaching, consulting, and making a profound impact on Indonesian society. It will also open up business opportunities, both in B2C and B2B sectors.

In summary, I thoroughly enjoy the process of learning and advancing my expertise in this field. I hope that one day, I will achieve my dream role as a robotics software engineer and that my skills will be recognized professionally.

<!-- <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://youtu.be/jWvVFJJh4hM" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> -->
[Watch my YouTube video here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jWvVFJJh4hM)
